-*- org -*-

This is dlvhex-racerplugin, a plugin for `dlvhex'.

This file includes some information regarding installation and needed
tools and libraries in order to build the source package of
dlvhex-racerplugin.

* Dependencies
dlvhex-racerplugin depends on following libraries and programs:

** dlvhex
http://www.kr.tuwien.ac.at/staff/roman/dlvhex/

** RACER
http://www.racer-systems.com/

** boost
http://www.boost.org/

** libraptor
http://www.librdf.org/raptor/

** cppunit (optional, only used in make check)
http://cppunit.sourceforge.net/


* Building and installing dlvhex-racerplugin

** Prerequisites

*** dlvhex
See dlvhex installation instructions.


*** Racer
Download the Racer/RacerPro binary and install it into your favourite
location accourding to the installation instructions of Racer. Add the
installation path to the PATH environment variable. dlvhex-racerplugin
has been tested with RacerPro 1.8 and 1.9.


*** boost
Follow the instructions of the INSTALL file found in the distributions
tarball. Popular Linux and Unix distributions such as Fedora, Debian,
and NetBSD include pre-built Boost packages.

If you need to build boost by yourself, I suggest using bjam and stow:

$ bjam "--prefix=/install/to/this/dir" "-sTOOLS=gcc" stage
$ bjam "--prefix=/install/to/this/dir/stow/boost-VERSION" "-sTOOLS=gcc" install
$ cd /install/to/this/dir/stow
$ stow boost-VERSION


*** libraptor
Follow the instructions of the INSTALL file found in the distributions
tarball. dlvhex-racerplugin needs at least libraptor 1.4.8 due to XML
namespace parsing support.


*** cppunit
Follow the instructions of the INSTALL file found in the distributions
tarball. dlvhex-racerplugin has been tested with cppunit 1.10.2 and
1.12.0.


** Configuration

`configure --enable-userinstall' will adjust the installation-path to
`~/.dlvhex/plugins', if the plugin should not be installed
system-wide. Other configure-switches are shown with `configure
--help'.

Other influental environment variables include:

*** PKG_CONFIG_PATH
Set this environment variable to the absolute path of dlvhex pkgconfig
directory. Usually, this directory can be found in
`$prefix/lib/pkgconfig'.

*** RACER
`configure' searches for an executable called `RacerPro' during its
execution. If PATH is not setup properly, you can set the RACER
variable to the absolute path of `RacerPro'.


** Testing
Run `make check' to build and execute the cppunit-based regression
testsuite.


** Installation
Run `make install' to install dlvhex-racerplugin into a system-wide
plugin directory provided by dlvhex.
